https://imgur.com/u9KeX2h

You must be able to explain some specifics about this infrastructure:

For every additional element, why you are adding it

Extra server
Extra server was added to reduce down time of the current system.
With an extra server, the system will be able to better serve the clients by increasing speed and reliability of the system.

Load balancer
Load-balancer was added to manage incoming traffic of the server, ensuring that requests are shared among the servers to produce faster response and reduce server downtime.

What distribution algorithm your load balancer is configured with and how it works
Round robin load balancing is used. It works by assigning each request to each of the servers alternatively. 
Is your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup, explain the difference between both.
The Load-balancer is enabling Active-Active setup because all servers are active and traffic is distributed amongst them.

The difference between an Active-Active and  Active-Passive setup is that in
Active-Active all servers or resources are active while in  Active-Passive setup,
only one server is primarily active while the other is passive and is on standby. If the active server fails, the passive server takes over.

How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works
In a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave), there is one master database server
whose data is replicated in one or more slave database servers.
The slave database server handles read operations, reducing the workload on the
master database while the master database handles all write or data modification
operations and logs the updates which are rippled across the slave database server.
The slave databases are updated synchronously (same time as the master)  or asynchronously(queued and updated later).

What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard to the application
The primary node handles writes or data modification operations,
it receives immediate updates and changes from the application while the replica handle read operations reducing load on primary node and improving application responsiveness.

You must be able to explain what the issues are with this infrastructure:

Where are SPOF
Load-balancer, if the load-balancer fails, the whole system fails

Security issues (no firewall, no HTTPS)
No HTTPS: this means web contents are not encrypted, this means unauthorized users can have access to sensitive information.
No firewall: Malicious traffic is not filtered. This exposes the system to a wide range of threats from hackers.
No monitoring:
	This means there is no information on the health of the servers and
	load balancers.
	Monitoring is used to ensure the server is reachable and available to clients.
	It also measures the health of the server and gives the administrator  relevant information and insights relating to the server.
