https://imgur.com/RCOmXG5


You must be able to explain some specifics about this infrastructure:
For every additional element, why you are adding it
SSL (Secured Socket Layer): It is an encryption-based Internet security protocol. 
It encrypts the data served on the internet. It ensures privacy in communication and integrity of data sent.

What are firewalls for:
It is used for monitoring and  filtering network traffic based on an organization's previously established security policies. 
It establishes a barrier between a trusted and untrusted network

Why is the traffic served over HTTPS

HTTPS ensures that any data transferred between the visitor and 
the website cannot be tampered with or modified by a hacker.

What monitoring is used for
It is used for tracking and measuring operations on a server. 
It is used to evaluate the health and condition of the server

How the monitoring tool is collecting data
The monitoring tool receives logs from its sources and 
sends the data to the monitoring system (sumo logic).

Explain what to do if you want to monitor your web server QPS
Queries per second is a measure of the rate of traffic going through a 
particular server in relation to a network that serves a Web domain. 
To monitor this, we have to monitor traffic in either direction of the server.

You must be able to explain what the issues are with this infrastructure:

Why terminating SSL at the load balancer level is an issue
This is an issue because it exposes the traffic between the load-balancer and server. 
This leaves the system vulnerable to attacks.

Why having only one MySQL server capable of accepting writes is an issue
When there is high volume of traffic with write operations, 
it over loads the server and might cause it to fail

Why having servers with all the same components (database, web server and application server) might be a problem
It might be a problem because these servers have different resource requirements and potential security concerns. 
Also, maintenance or scaling of any of the servers (web server, app server, database server) would affect the others.
